Add docs for the authentication of the webhooks module (#324)
nmshd/documentation: _docs_operate/configuration.md

  The server under the URL must respond to the request with a status code between 200 and 299. Otherwise the Connector will log a warning.

>   Additionally, you can configure an `authentication` for a target. The authentication is used to authenticate the request to the webhook. The available authentication methods are: `OAuth2` and `ApiKey`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the webhook target is protected by authentication, you can configure the webhook module to authenticate itself. Currently, the available authentication methods are: `OAuth2` and `ApiKey`.
```

  **OAuth2**

  The OAuth2 authentication type is used to authenticate the request to the webhook using the client credentials flow of OAuth2. The Connector will send a bearer token as part of the request in its Authentication header. The OAuth2 authentication is configured using the following parameters:

  - **type** `"OAuth2", required`

>     The type of the authentication type.

Reviewer: Hmmm

  - **accessTokenUrl** `string, required`

    The URL to get the access token from. This URL must be reachable from the Connector.

  - **clientId** `string, required`

>     The [client id](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6749#section-3.2.1) of the access request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The [client id](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6749#section-3.2.1) used to authenticate to the access token server.
```

  - **clientSecret** `string, required`

>     The [client secret](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6749#section-3.2.1) of the access request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The [client secret](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6749#section-3.2.1) used to authenticate to the access token server.
```

Author: lol, that was your suggestion :D

Reviewer: No it wasn't. It was my suggestion for the scope. But you took it for every property.

  - **scope** `string, optional`

    The [scope](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6749#section-3.3) of the access request. This is optional and can be omitted if not needed.

  **ApiKey**

  The ApiKey authentication type is used to authenticate the request to the webhook using an API key. The Connector will send the API key as part of the request using a header. The ApiKey authentication is configured using the following parameters:

  - **type** `"ApiKey", required`

>     The type of the authentication type.

Reviewer: See above

  The server under the URL must respond to the request with a status code between 200 and 299. Otherwise the Connector will log a warning.

  Additionally, you can configure an `authenticationProvider` for a target. The authentication provider is used to authenticate the request to the webhook. The available authentication providers are: `OAuth2` and `ApiKey`.

  **OAuth2**

>   The OAuth2 authentication provider is used to authenticate the request to the webhook using OAuth2. The Connector will send a bearer token as part of the request in its Authentication header. To configure the OAuth2 authentication provider, you need to provide the following parameters:

Author: what would be a better wording? I see absolutely no issue with the current wording as everything below makes super clear what you NEED and what you NOT NEED.

>   The OAuth2 authentication provider is used to authenticate the request to the webhook using OAuth2. The Connector will send a bearer token as part of the request in its Authentication header. To configure the OAuth2 authentication provider, you need to provide the following parameters:

Author: changed.

>   The OAuth2 authentication provider is used to authenticate the request to the webhook using OAuth2. The Connector will send a bearer token as part of the request in its Authentication header. To configure the OAuth2 authentication provider, you need to provide the following parameters:

Reviewer: For example: 
> authentication can be configured using the following parameters:

What I don't like about the current wording is that you first say that you need to do it and later you say that you don't need to.

>   The OAuth2 authentication provider is used to authenticate the request to the webhook using OAuth2. The Connector will send a bearer token as part of the request in its Authentication header. To configure the OAuth2 authentication provider, you need to provide the following parameters:

Author: > For example:
> 
> > authentication can be configured using the following parameters:
> 
> What I don't like about the current wording is that you first say that you need to do it and later you say that you don't need to.

I kind of see that, so I changed it. But I still believe that the wording is ok, as most of the things are needed.

>   - **type** `"OAuth2", required`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **type** `"OAuth2" | "ApiKey", required`
```

Author: nope, this only counts for the OAuth2 part and therefore HAS to be OAuth2

    The type of the authentication provider.

  - **accessTokenUrl** `string, required`

    The URL to get the access token from. This URL must be reachable from the Connector.

  - **clientId** `string, required`

    The client id of the OAuth2 application.

  - **clientSecret** `string, required`

    The client secret of the OAuth2 application.

  - **scope** `string, optional`

    The scope of the OAuth2 application. This is optional and can be omitted if not needed.

  **ApiKey**

>   The ApiKey authentication provider is used to authenticate the request to the webhook using an API key. The Connector will send the API key as part of the request using a header. To configure the ApiKey authentication provider, you need to provide the following parameters:

Author: as above, you do.
